SELF-EVALUATION

    Overall, this project was a fantastic learning experience for all of us. To 
    start out, none of us had worked on software as a team before, and this 
    project created a great opportunity for us to learn how to use version 
    control software and divide up code so that everything got done. 
    
    For the first couple weeks of this project we didn't really know what we were 
    doing, and the scope of our project was ridiculous for the experience level 
    we had in the team. We had grand plans of posting to a user's Google 
    calendar, yet we were attempting to pass back and forth the code on a Google 
    document... Eventually, we decided to nix the Google calendar integration and 
    we also figured out how to use github so that we could all have easy access
    to the code base at any point in time. The most valuable part of this project 
    to us was learning how to develop software with others, and how to use 
    several new tools and modules we had never worked with before.
    
    The biggest thing that we could have improved in this project is error 
    handling. It is a little bit fragile right now and throws errors into the 
    terminal if the event creation GUI is closed rather than submitted or if the 
    due date has a single digit month for instance. We probably could have made 
    it easier to use by eliminating these errors or casing them to trigger 
    messages to the user instructing him or her what to do differently to make 
    the program work. We could have also made the program easier to use by giving 
    it a keyboard shortcut or otherwise enabling it to be run without the 
    terminal.
    
    We're especially proud of all the GUIs we created for the various features in 
    our application. All of us learned to use tkinter during this project, and we 
    think that it will probably be useful in the future. More importantly, 
    though, we learned a lot about graphical user interfaces in general. Almost 
    all software has a GUI somewhere, and it was really exciting to get out and 
    create some of our own.
