USER GUIDE
    
    LifeSorter is very easy to use. Just run the .\LifeSorter from the command 
    line of terminal to display the first GUI. 
    
    If you've never used it before or if your to-do list currently has no items 
    on it, you will first see the Create Event GUI. In this GUI, you enter the 
    item's name in the name field, the item's due date in the due date field,  
    choose the priority of the item from the drop-down list, and enter the number 
    of hours you expect the task to take.
    
    When entering the date of the event, type in the date in the form mm/dd/yyyy. 
    You can also click the calendar button next to the due date box to see a 
    current calendar if you need help remembering what day your event is due. 
    You cannot click on this calendar to autofill the box - it is just for 
    reference.
    
    When choosing a priority for your item, a value of 1 denotes the highest 
    priority and a value of 5 denotes the lowest priority.
    
    If you would like to submit more than one event at once, there is a "Submit 
    Another" checkbox at the bottom of the GUI that you can select. If this is 
    selected, the program will automatically record your previous event and give 
    you a fresh Create Event GUI in which to create another event.
    
    When you have entered one or more events into the program, you have many more 
    options when running it. All of these events are stored in a pickle file in 
    the same directory as your install of the program, so every time you open the 
    application, all of your events are preserved and easily accessible.
    
    After you to-do list contains items, simply run .\LifeSorter from the 
    terminal to choose Create, Display, Modify, or Remove for your events. Create 
    enables you to continue adding events to your to-do list as outlined above. 
    Display, shows you your sorted to-do list, so that you can see what you 
    should be working on next as well as what you have already entered. Modify 
    allows you to select any of your events based on the name of the event and  
    autofills the Create Event GUI with the information you had previously entered 
    for this event. Then you can edit the autofilled information to reflect the 
    changes you want to make. Finally, Remove displays a drop-down list of all of 
    the events in your to-do list so that you can choose which one you have just 
    completed or one that is no longer relevant. Selecting an event in this GUI 
    will remove it permanently from your to-do list.
